make[1]: Entering directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:65: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:66: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.AssemblyType;
                     ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:70: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultBaciProperty;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:71: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultComponent;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:72: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultMonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:73: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:74: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:75: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorDataId;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:76: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:77: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPointDatatype;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPointDatatype
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:995: error: cannot find symbol
	private AssemblyType getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(String assemblyTypeName,
	        ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1011: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultComponent getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1027: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultBaciProperty getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1039: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultMonitorPoint getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1052: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType, Integer hwConfigId,
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1051: error: cannot find symbol
	private Assembly persistNewAssembly(EntityManager entityManager,
	        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1076: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:32: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:36: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:37: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:40: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			                        ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		                   ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:779: error: cannot find symbol
				if (identifier instanceof MonitorData) {
				                          ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:869: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType = getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(assemblyTypeName, entityManager);
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:870: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly newAssembly = persistNewAssembly(entityManager, assemblyType, monitorCharacteristicIDs.getHwConfigurationId(), inData);
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:951: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultComponent defaultComponent = getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(entityManager, assemblyTypeName);
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:952: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:954: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		                             ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		                                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		                               ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		                                ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1092: error: cannot find symbol
		monitorPoint.setDataType(MonitorPointDatatype.valueOfForEnum(defaultMonitorPoint.getDataType().toString()));
		                         ^
  symbol:   variable MonitorPointDatatype
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:162: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer baciPropertyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPoints.get(0))
			                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:229: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer assemblyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPointList.get(0))
			                       ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:272: error: cannot find symbol
				allSerialNumberArrayList.add(((Assembly) assembly)
				                               ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:169: error: cannot find symbol
			String sampleClob = ((MonitorData) clob).getMonitorClob();
			                      ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class TimeValuePagerImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
66 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:12.23
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/activemq-core-5.4.3.jar
	../lib/geronimo-j2ee-management_1.1_spec-1.0.1.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /alma/ACS-FEB2017/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /alma/ACS-FEB2017/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:65: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:66: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.AssemblyType;
                     ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:70: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultBaciProperty;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:71: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultComponent;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:72: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultMonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:73: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:74: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:75: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorDataId;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:76: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:77: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPointDatatype;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPointDatatype
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:995: error: cannot find symbol
	private AssemblyType getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(String assemblyTypeName,
	        ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1011: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultComponent getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1027: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultBaciProperty getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1039: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultMonitorPoint getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1052: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType, Integer hwConfigId,
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1051: error: cannot find symbol
	private Assembly persistNewAssembly(EntityManager entityManager,
	        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1076: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:32: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:36: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:37: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:40: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			                        ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		                   ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:779: error: cannot find symbol
				if (identifier instanceof MonitorData) {
				                          ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:869: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType = getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(assemblyTypeName, entityManager);
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:870: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly newAssembly = persistNewAssembly(entityManager, assemblyType, monitorCharacteristicIDs.getHwConfigurationId(), inData);
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:951: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultComponent defaultComponent = getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(entityManager, assemblyTypeName);
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:952: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:954: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		                             ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		                                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		                               ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		                                ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1092: error: cannot find symbol
		monitorPoint.setDataType(MonitorPointDatatype.valueOfForEnum(defaultMonitorPoint.getDataType().toString()));
		                         ^
  symbol:   variable MonitorPointDatatype
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:162: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer baciPropertyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPoints.get(0))
			                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:229: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer assemblyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPointList.get(0))
			                       ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:272: error: cannot find symbol
				allSerialNumberArrayList.add(((Assembly) assembly)
				                               ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:169: error: cannot find symbol
			String sampleClob = ((MonitorData) clob).getMonitorClob();
			                      ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class TimeValuePagerImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
66 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
/bin/ksh[9]: /usr/bin/time: not found [No such file or directory]
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/activemq-core-5.4.3.jar
	../lib/geronimo-j2ee-management_1.1_spec-1.0.1.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /alma/ACS-2018FEB/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /alma/ACS-2018FEB/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.25
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /alma/ACS-2018FEB/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /alma/ACS-2018FEB/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.24
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /alma/ACS-2018FEB/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /alma/ACS-2018FEB/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.29
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
	../lib/activemq-core-5.4.3.jar
	../lib/geronimo-j2ee-management_1.1_spec-1.0.1.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.17
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.20
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.32
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.23
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.12
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:119: error: ';' expected
	setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy)
	                                                 ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.15
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:119: error: ';' expected
	setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy)
	                                                 ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:119: error: ';' expected
	setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy)
	                                                 ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.19
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:119: error: ';' expected
	setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy)
	                                                 ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:28: error: a type with the same simple name is already defined by the single-type-import of Logger
import java.util.logging.Logger;
^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:103: error: incompatible types: AcsLogger cannot be converted to Logger
		this.log = cs.getLogger();
		                       ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:105: error: incompatible types: org.apache.log4j.Logger cannot be converted to java.util.logging.Logger
		TMCDBConfig config = TMCDBConfig.getInstance(log);
		                                             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:117: error: cannot find symbol
setInfluxDBConnection(this.influx_url, this.influx_user, this.influx_password);
^
  symbol:   method setInfluxDBConnection(String,String,String)
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:119: error: cannot find symbol
	setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy);
	^
  symbol:   method setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(String)
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:205: error: cannot find symbol
			log.fine(">>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> message sent to JMS:" + message.getString("componentName") + "/" + message.getString("monitorPointName"));
			   ^
  symbol:   method fine(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:207: error: cannot find symbol
			log.severe("No data was published. An exception was caught:" + jme.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method severe(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("NULL POINTER EXCEPTION WHILE PREPARING MESSAGE TO MQ: " + ex.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:228: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Failed to orderly close connection to JMS provider. " + ex);
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:243: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("Failed to orderly shut down the blobConsumerExecutor within 1000 ms.");
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:326: error: cannot find symbol
					if ( log.isLoggable(Level.FINER) )
					        ^
  symbol:   method isLoggable(Level)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:327: error: cannot find symbol
						log.finer(Thread.currentThread().getName()
						   ^
  symbol:   method finer(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:335: error: incompatible types: Level cannot be converted to Priority
						log.log(Level.WARNING, "Unexpected InterruptedException in thread " + Thread.currentThread().getName()
						             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:343: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Terminating thread '" + Thread.currentThread().getName() +
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
14 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.44
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:28: error: a type with the same simple name is already defined by the single-type-import of Logger
import java.util.logging.Logger;
^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:103: error: incompatible types: AcsLogger cannot be converted to Logger
		this.log = cs.getLogger();
		                       ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:105: error: incompatible types: org.apache.log4j.Logger cannot be converted to java.util.logging.Logger
		TMCDBConfig config = TMCDBConfig.getInstance(log);
		                                             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:117: error: cannot find symbol
setInfluxDBConnection(this.influx_url, this.influx_user, this.influx_password);
^
  symbol:   method setInfluxDBConnection(String,String,String)
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:119: error: cannot find symbol
	setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy);
	^
  symbol:   method setInfluxDBRetentionPolicy(String)
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:205: error: cannot find symbol
			log.fine(">>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> message sent to JMS:" + message.getString("componentName") + "/" + message.getString("monitorPointName"));
			   ^
  symbol:   method fine(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:207: error: cannot find symbol
			log.severe("No data was published. An exception was caught:" + jme.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method severe(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("NULL POINTER EXCEPTION WHILE PREPARING MESSAGE TO MQ: " + ex.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:228: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Failed to orderly close connection to JMS provider. " + ex);
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:243: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("Failed to orderly shut down the blobConsumerExecutor within 1000 ms.");
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:326: error: cannot find symbol
					if ( log.isLoggable(Level.FINER) )
					        ^
  symbol:   method isLoggable(Level)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:327: error: cannot find symbol
						log.finer(Thread.currentThread().getName()
						   ^
  symbol:   method finer(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:335: error: incompatible types: Level cannot be converted to Priority
						log.log(Level.WARNING, "Unexpected InterruptedException in thread " + Thread.currentThread().getName()
						             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:343: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Terminating thread '" + Thread.currentThread().getName() +
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
14 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:28: error: a type with the same simple name is already defined by the single-type-import of Logger
import java.util.logging.Logger;
^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:103: error: incompatible types: AcsLogger cannot be converted to Logger
		this.log = cs.getLogger();
		                       ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:105: error: incompatible types: org.apache.log4j.Logger cannot be converted to java.util.logging.Logger
		TMCDBConfig config = TMCDBConfig.getInstance(log);
		                                             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:233: error: cannot find symbol
			log.fine(">>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> message sent to JMS:" + message.getString("componentName") + "/" + message.getString("monitorPointName"));
			   ^
  symbol:   method fine(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:235: error: cannot find symbol
			log.severe("No data was published. An exception was caught:" + jme.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method severe(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("NULL POINTER EXCEPTION WHILE PREPARING MESSAGE TO MQ: " + ex.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:256: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Failed to orderly close connection to JMS provider. " + ex);
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:271: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("Failed to orderly shut down the blobConsumerExecutor within 1000 ms.");
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
					if ( log.isLoggable(Level.FINER) )
					        ^
  symbol:   method isLoggable(Level)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
						log.finer(Thread.currentThread().getName()
						   ^
  symbol:   method finer(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:363: error: incompatible types: Level cannot be converted to Priority
						log.log(Level.WARNING, "Unexpected InterruptedException in thread " + Thread.currentThread().getName()
						             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:371: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Terminating thread '" + Thread.currentThread().getName() +
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
12 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.45
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:28: error: a type with the same simple name is already defined by the single-type-import of Logger
import java.util.logging.Logger;
^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:103: error: incompatible types: AcsLogger cannot be converted to Logger
		this.log = cs.getLogger();
		                       ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:105: error: incompatible types: org.apache.log4j.Logger cannot be converted to java.util.logging.Logger
		TMCDBConfig config = TMCDBConfig.getInstance(log);
		                                             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:233: error: cannot find symbol
			log.fine(">>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> message sent to JMS:" + message.getString("componentName") + "/" + message.getString("monitorPointName"));
			   ^
  symbol:   method fine(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:235: error: cannot find symbol
			log.severe("No data was published. An exception was caught:" + jme.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method severe(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("NULL POINTER EXCEPTION WHILE PREPARING MESSAGE TO MQ: " + ex.getMessage());
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:256: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Failed to orderly close connection to JMS provider. " + ex);
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:271: error: cannot find symbol
			log.warning("Failed to orderly shut down the blobConsumerExecutor within 1000 ms.");
			   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
					if ( log.isLoggable(Level.FINER) )
					        ^
  symbol:   method isLoggable(Level)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
						log.finer(Thread.currentThread().getName()
						   ^
  symbol:   method finer(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:363: error: incompatible types: Level cannot be converted to Priority
						log.log(Level.WARNING, "Unexpected InterruptedException in thread " + Thread.currentThread().getName()
						             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:371: error: cannot find symbol
				log.warning("Terminating thread '" + Thread.currentThread().getName() +
				   ^
  symbol:   method warning(String)
  location: variable log of type Logger
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
12 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.35
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobbArray[i+1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobbArray
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.73
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobbArray[i+1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobbArray
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.17
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.31
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.21
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:04.89
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.22
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:04.49
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.33
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.35
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to long
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date((long)clobArray[i]/1000);
                                                        ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.91
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to long
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date((long)clobArray[i]/1000);
                                                        ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to long
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date((long) (clobArray[i])/1000);
                                                ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.90
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to long
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date((long) (clobArray[i])/1000);
                                                ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to long
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date(((long) clobArray[i])/1000);
                                                          ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.86
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to long
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date(((long) clobArray[i])/1000);
                                                          ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: ')' expected
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date((Long.parseLong(clobArray[i])/1000);
                                                                            ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.20
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: ')' expected
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date((Long.parseLong(clobArray[i])/1000);
                                                                            ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.31
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.36
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:205: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(this.getDatabaseName()).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                                   ^
  symbol: method getDatabaseName()
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:211: error: cannot find symbol
Point point = Point.measurement(inData.componentName.replace("/","_")).time(Long.parseLong(clobArray[i]) , TimeUnit.MILLISECONDS).tag("baciName", inDaata.propertyName).addField("value", clobArray[i+1]).build();
                                                                                                                                                  ^
  symbol:   variable inDaata
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.87
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:205: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(this.getDatabaseName()).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                                   ^
  symbol: method getDatabaseName()
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:211: error: cannot find symbol
Point point = Point.measurement(inData.componentName.replace("/","_")).time(Long.parseLong(clobArray[i]) , TimeUnit.MILLISECONDS).tag("baciName", inDaata.propertyName).addField("value", clobArray[i+1]).build();
                                                                                                                                                  ^
  symbol:   variable inDaata
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:205: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(this.getDatabaseName()).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                                   ^
  symbol: method getDatabaseName()
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.80
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:205: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(this.getDatabaseName()).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                                   ^
  symbol: method getDatabaseName()
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.33
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.26
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:06.19
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.44
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:213: error: ')' expected
long time = (Long.parseLong(clobArray[i])/10000;
                                               ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.18
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:213: error: ')' expected
long time = (Long.parseLong(clobArray[i])/10000;
                                               ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:213: error: ')' expected
long time = (Long.parseLong(clobArray[i])/10000;
                                               ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.17
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:213: error: ')' expected
long time = (Long.parseLong(clobArray[i])/10000;
                                               ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:218: error: variable time is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData)
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date(Long.parseLong(clobArray[i]));
               ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.82
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:218: error: variable time is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData)
java.util.Date time = new java.util.Date(Long.parseLong(clobArray[i]));
               ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.21
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.32
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.33
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.30
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.44
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:111: error: cannot find symbol
this.influx_url = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("influx_url");
                  ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:112: error: cannot find symbol
	this.aRetentionPolicy = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("aRetentionPolicy");
	                        ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:113: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_user = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("influx_user");
	                   ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:114: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_password = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("influx_password");
	                       ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:115: error: cannot find symbol
	this.rectifyTime = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("rectifyTime");
	                   ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
5 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.86
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:111: error: cannot find symbol
this.influx_url = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("influx_url");
                  ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:112: error: cannot find symbol
	this.aRetentionPolicy = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("aRetentionPolicy");
	                        ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:113: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_user = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("influx_user");
	                   ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:114: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_password = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("influx_password");
	                       ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:115: error: cannot find symbol
	this.rectifyTime = TMCProperties.getProperties().getProperty("rectifyTime");
	                   ^
  symbol:   variable TMCProperties
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
5 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:111: error: cannot find symbol
this.influx_url = config.getInfluxURL();
                        ^
  symbol:   method getInfluxURL()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:112: error: cannot find symbol
	this.aRetentionPolicy = config.getRetentionPolicy();
	                              ^
  symbol:   method getRetentionPolicy()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:113: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_user = config.getInfluxUser();
	                         ^
  symbol:   method getInfluxUser()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:114: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_password = config.getInfluxPassword();
	                             ^
  symbol:   method getInfluxPassword()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:115: error: cannot find symbol
	this.rectifyTime = config.getRectifyTime();
	                         ^
  symbol:   method getRectifyTime()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
5 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.76
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:111: error: cannot find symbol
this.influx_url = config.getInfluxURL();
                        ^
  symbol:   method getInfluxURL()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:112: error: cannot find symbol
	this.aRetentionPolicy = config.getRetentionPolicy();
	                              ^
  symbol:   method getRetentionPolicy()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:113: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_user = config.getInfluxUser();
	                         ^
  symbol:   method getInfluxUser()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:114: error: cannot find symbol
	this.influx_password = config.getInfluxPassword();
	                             ^
  symbol:   method getInfluxPassword()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:115: error: cannot find symbol
	this.rectifyTime = config.getRectifyTime();
	                         ^
  symbol:   method getRectifyTime()
  location: variable config of type TMCDBConfig
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
5 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:219: error: exception JMSException is never thrown in body of corresponding try statement
		} catch (JMSException jme) {
		  ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.90
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:219: error: exception JMSException is never thrown in body of corresponding try statement
		} catch (JMSException jme) {
		  ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.29
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.16
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.37
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.26
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:566: error: cannot find symbol
				System.out.printl("Time: " + componentId2);	
				          ^
  symbol:   method printl(String)
  location: variable out of type PrintStream
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.73
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:566: error: cannot find symbol
				System.out.printl("Time: " + componentId2);	
				          ^
  symbol:   method printl(String)
  location: variable out of type PrintStream
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.46
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.12
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.31
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.17
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.40
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.33
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:339: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to boolean
							if(tempBlobData.propertyName = "time"){
							                             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
						mqStore(tempBlobDatam, time);
						        ^
  symbol:   variable tempBlobDatam
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.83
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:339: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to boolean
							if(tempBlobData.propertyName = "time"){
							                             ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
						mqStore(tempBlobDatam, time);
						        ^
  symbol:   variable tempBlobDatam
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
						mqStore(tempBlobDatam, time);
						        ^
  symbol:   variable tempBlobDatam
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.75
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
						mqStore(tempBlobDatam, time);
						        ^
  symbol:   variable tempBlobDatam
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.23
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:220: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.74
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:220: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:211: error: variable clobArray2 is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData,ComponentData)
				String[] clobArray2 = inData2.getClob().replaceAll("\n", "|").split("\\|");	
				         ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.84
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:211: error: variable clobArray2 is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData,ComponentData)
				String[] clobArray2 = inData2.getClob().replaceAll("\n", "|").split("\\|");	
				         ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:222: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.84
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:222: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: variable clobArray2 is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData,ComponentData)
				String[] clobArray2 = inData2.getClob().replaceAll("\n", "|").split("\\|");	
				         ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.75
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:210: error: variable clobArray2 is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData,ComponentData)
				String[] clobArray2 = inData2.getClob().replaceAll("\n", "|").split("\\|");	
				         ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:212: error: cannot find symbol
			String[] clobArray2 = new ArrayList<String>();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.81
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:212: error: cannot find symbol
			String[] clobArray2 = new ArrayList<String>();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:212: error: cannot find symbol
			String[] clobArray2 = new ArrayList<String>();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
		System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
		                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.88
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:212: error: cannot find symbol
			String[] clobArray2 = new ArrayList<String>();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
		System.out.println(clobArray2[i + 1]);
		                   ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(e.getMessage());
                               ^
  symbol:   variable e
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.75
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(e.getMessage());
                               ^
  symbol:   variable e
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(clobArray2[i+1]);
                               ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.73
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(clobArray2[i+1]);
                               ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(clobArray2[i+1]);
                               ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.89
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(clobArray2[i+1]);
                               ^
  symbol:   variable clobArray2
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> myList = new ArrayList<String>();
		^
  symbol:   class List
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> myList = new ArrayList<String>();
		                          ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(clobArrayTime[i+1]);
                               ^
  symbol:   variable clobArrayTime
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
3 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.92
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> myList = new ArrayList<String>();
		^
  symbol:   class List
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> myList = new ArrayList<String>();
		                          ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
            System.out.println(clobArrayTime[i+1]);
                               ^
  symbol:   variable clobArrayTime
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
3 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> clobArrayTime = new ArrayList<String>();
		^
  symbol:   class List
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> clobArrayTime = new ArrayList<String>();
		                                 ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.74
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> clobArrayTime = new ArrayList<String>();
		^
  symbol:   class List
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
		List<String> clobArrayTime = new ArrayList<String>();
		                                 ^
  symbol:   class ArrayList
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
2 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:211: error: variable clobArrayTime is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData,ComponentData)
				String[] clobArrayTime = inData2.getClob().replaceAll("\n", "|").split("\\|");	
				         ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.76
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:211: error: variable clobArrayTime is already defined in method mqStore(ComponentData,ComponentData)
				String[] clobArrayTime = inData2.getClob().replaceAll("\n", "|").split("\\|");	
				         ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.35
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.24
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.34
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:351: error: ')' expected
							if(tempBlobData.propertyName.equals("time"){
							                                           ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.20
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:351: error: ')' expected
							if(tempBlobData.propertyName.equals("time"){
							                                           ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.40
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.39
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.23
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:04.01
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.24
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.27
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.26
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
Date d = new Date((long)timestamp*1000);
                        ^
  symbol:   variable timestamp
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
DateFormat f = new SimpleDateFormat("yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.mmm'Z'");
^
  symbol:   class DateFormat
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
DateFormat f = new SimpleDateFormat("yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.mmm'Z'");
                   ^
  symbol:   class SimpleDateFormat
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:227: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(f.format(date));
                            ^
  symbol:   variable date
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
4 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.79
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
Date d = new Date((long)timestamp*1000);
                        ^
  symbol:   variable timestamp
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
DateFormat f = new SimpleDateFormat("yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.mmm'Z'");
^
  symbol:   class DateFormat
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
DateFormat f = new SimpleDateFormat("yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.mmm'Z'");
                   ^
  symbol:   class SimpleDateFormat
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:227: error: cannot find symbol
System.out.println(f.format(date));
                            ^
  symbol:   variable date
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
4 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.47
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.19
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.36
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.12
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:128: error: cannot find symbol
		m_containerServices = containerServices;
		^
  symbol:   variable m_containerServices
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:131: error: cannot find symbol
			org.omg.CORBA.Object alarmComponent = m_containerServices.getComponent("Hello_cpp");
			                                      ^
  symbol:   variable m_containerServices
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(thipropertyNames.topic_name).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                               ^
  symbol:   variable thipropertyNames
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:241: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
5 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.76
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:128: error: cannot find symbol
		m_containerServices = containerServices;
		^
  symbol:   variable m_containerServices
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:131: error: cannot find symbol
			org.omg.CORBA.Object alarmComponent = m_containerServices.getComponent("Hello_cpp");
			                                      ^
  symbol:   variable m_containerServices
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:225: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(thipropertyNames.topic_name).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                               ^
  symbol:   variable thipropertyNames
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:241: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:354: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
5 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(thipropertyNames.topic_name).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                               ^
  symbol:   variable thipropertyNames
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
3 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.56
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(thipropertyNames.topic_name).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                               ^
  symbol:   variable thipropertyNames
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
3 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(this.propertyNames.topic_name).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                                   ^
  symbol: variable propertyNames
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
3 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.89
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:226: error: cannot find symbol
	BatchPoints batchPoints = BatchPoints.database(this.propertyNames.topic_name).tag("async", "true").retentionPolicy(this.aRetentionPolicy).build();
	                                                   ^
  symbol: variable propertyNames
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
3 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
2 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.73
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			CompropertyNameponentData time = null;
			^
  symbol:   class CompropertyNameponentData
  location: class MQDAOImpl.BlobConsumer
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
2 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.70
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.72
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.79
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value,Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: long cannot be converted to String
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, Long.parseLong(time_value), Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                   ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.96
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: long cannot be converted to String
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, Long.parseLong(time_value), Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                   ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: cannot find symbol
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, parseInt(time_value), Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
  symbol:   method parseInt(long)
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.79
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: cannot find symbol
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, parseInt(time_value), Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
  symbol:   method parseInt(long)
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: long cannot be converted to String
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, Integer.parseInt(time_value), Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                     ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.75
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: long cannot be converted to String
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, Integer.parseInt(time_value), Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                     ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: long cannot be converted to String
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, ""+Integer.parseInt(time_value)+"", Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                        ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.95
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: long cannot be converted to String
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, ""+Integer.parseInt(time_value)+"", Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                        ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, "wwqewqe", Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.80
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:242: error: incompatible types: String cannot be converted to int
				alarmComponent.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, "wwqewqe", Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                    ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.32
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.28
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.33
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:136: error: ';' expected
		alarm.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, 1212, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
		     ^
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:01.13
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:136: error: ';' expected
		alarm.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, 1212, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
		     ^
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:137: error: cannot find symbol
			alarm_Component = telegramalarmHelper.narrow(alarmComponent);
			^
  symbol:   variable alarm_Component
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:137: error: cannot find symbol
			alarm_Component = telegramalarmHelper.narrow(alarmComponent);
			                  ^
  symbol:   variable telegramalarmHelper
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:244: error: cannot find symbol
if (alarm_Component != null) {
    ^
  symbol:   variable alarm_Component
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:245: error: cannot find symbol
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, 1212, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				^
  symbol:   variable alarm_Component
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
4 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.69
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:137: error: cannot find symbol
			alarm_Component = telegramalarmHelper.narrow(alarmComponent);
			^
  symbol:   variable alarm_Component
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:137: error: cannot find symbol
			alarm_Component = telegramalarmHelper.narrow(alarmComponent);
			                  ^
  symbol:   variable telegramalarmHelper
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:244: error: cannot find symbol
if (alarm_Component != null) {
    ^
  symbol:   variable alarm_Component
  location: class MQDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:245: error: cannot find symbol
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, 1212, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				^
  symbol:   variable alarm_Component
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
4 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:137: error: cannot find symbol
			alarm_Component = telegramalarmHelper.narrow(alarmComponent);
			                  ^
  symbol:   variable telegramalarmHelper
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.73
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:137: error: cannot find symbol
			alarm_Component = telegramalarmHelper.narrow(alarmComponent);
			                  ^
  symbol:   variable telegramalarmHelper
  location: class MQDAOImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.37
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:246: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                     ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.94
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:246: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                     ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:246: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                     ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:02.83
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:246: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, time_value, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                     ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:246: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, Long.parseLong(clobArrayTime[i+1]) * 1000, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                                        ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[2]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.09
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/MQDAO/MQDAOImpl.java:246: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from long to int
				alarm_Component.addValue(inData.componentName.replace("/","_"), inData.propertyName, Long.parseLong(clobArrayTime[i+1]) * 1000, Double.parseDouble(clobArray[i+1]));
				                                                                                                                        ^
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
Note: Some messages have been simplified; recompile with -Xdiags:verbose to get full output
1 error
make[1]: *** [/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.47
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.29
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.40
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.52
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
 . . . 'all' done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:03.37
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /home/astro/scarrasco03/INTROOT/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
.....exe:
 . . . installation done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/astro/scarrasco03/mqtt.devio.acs/BlobberPlugin/TMCDB/DAO/src'
